#8:42<br>
* Got js scoping done and started implementing thru the project only to discover this is not the scoping i want,
does not create encapsulation, the syntax not quite right. OK, quickly realized I got a pwoerful tool to customize
scopig of any part of code base. I can create component scoping and js scoping and compose new ones from old ones. So, component 
scoping is what i need instead of js. Any reusable component with a dir structure inside gets component scoping - same as js scoping 

but:
  * encapsulated
  no module inside can see past component top scope/dir
  * scope inheritance is a bit different
  instead of extending outer to inner scope which creates a flat dict of vars and masks namesake vars, 
  the parent scope extended to new inner scope with inner scope vars in their own namespace under child's name
  is added as another namespace creating structure. This is to make destruct statements
  more declarative.<br>
  This creates self contained sandboxes that can be thrown from one project to another w/o any tinkering. Anything that is 
  not visible to modules within their enclosing component will have to be passed to them thru props mechanism from top component 
  scope down. This is done by wrapping module into another func closure and passing params to it and destructing the props in declarative
  manner. These packages are not react but similar to react in spirit each encapsulating a functionality of some kind. In short,
  a react component package will export a react component as default when imported, a sleazyUsedCarDealer component package will yield
  yield a used car dealer, perhaps with his mother in law as a static method.<br>
  The next step will be a package that allows composing these dissimilar package components (need a better name) into an application
  and a gui system that provides a nice way to build it, a drupal of my own.
***
* The name is CodeUnits. <br>
Each CodeUnit is a class, yeah, a es6 class that instantiates the sorce file modules in a proper dir structure represented by 
codeUnit object that describes it. Well, no need to create source code and files, just generate functions as strings and store them
into a mongo collection, maybe, by invoking a CodeUnit#toMongo Then, just go ahead and compose your new website with your good old
trusty code and bypass a huge part of debugging fun.

------
#9:53
*  the bottom line, i'm ready to start composing apps from CodeUnit types into AppUnit class and doing CU.createElement(AppUnit,{settings}).toFileSystem({path:'github.com/satellites-phase3'}). this will pull AppUnit fro mongo collections, put all func strings into files and send it to the github repo. An app in one line. The point is, i dont wanna debug all the tweaks i would have to do pulling peices of one app into another. I have a feeling itll be better to write new code most of the time. Not with this approach, code units get reused wholesale all debugged and tested.
* it would give me flexibility to compose new versions of old boilerplates (thats what AppUnit is) that fit new purpose better reusing old debugged functionalities with their docs included into a structure reflecting that particular project instead of getting straight jacketed to some old stale boilerplate. (edited)

* CodeUnits dont have to be stored in mongo, npm and atmo packages are just fine. mongo is cool for an automated cms web site building system I dont know if i need to get that fancy, just some build gui tools,perhaps.

* might be good to give designers access to my code w/o making them even look at my code, ungreatful bastards

#Dec 28,16
* _readability and self documentation is increasing steadily<br>
at accelerating pace. Declarative style is not a fad, its the way to sanity. I'm putting a lot of attention to every little detail of syntax and especially naming. The scoping scheme helps a lot. The whole tdir tree struct is a window straight into the code and the code is a mirrow of structure. Its pretty much self documenting and intuitive to the point of not needing even a readme file. but there will be for each functionality with api description and a small readme.md generated by jsdocs. the scoping can be easily extended to encompass other apps. Thats what i'm gonna do, with common globals, utils, libs and perhaps, sharing functionalities even at runtime or on separate domains or however else we can dream up. their features can be composed out of common libs. A new app can be done in a few lines of code reusing functionalities of past projects. its really shaping up to a universe of bits and bytes of my making.

#Dec 29
* i invented a composable process of bootstrapping. I cant beleive it. I want to use my scoping tool to build my scoping tool. Problems. So, I have to immitate the way universe did it. Heres code comment:
```
/*the class that provides only the framework to build ScopeBox class increamentally thru the bootstrap process
by extending its compose method and installing methods one by one, installing the capabilities we need before using
them to create more features. We are building the same tool we need to build it. Extreme self sufficiency, the way the universe had
to start, w/o experts, by itself, no advice and no google. we'll do it much quicker, tho.
 */
 ```
 #dec,31 16
 *<strong>The magic of functional programming</strong><br>
 is that it so functional, a dreamland where impossible is just a minor miracle of a one liner implementation. How would it translate into what is called physical reality cos thats the usual pattern? It is like a hand of god freezing each event into a time capsule, taking it to another place and time and making it happen within that place context, tunnelling thru space and time. Its gotta be the engine of chaos and recursive processes. This frozen sequences are the patterns that fly around the universe and unloading their magic in places to create same patterns in different context. The universe is a functional programmer, for sure. Maybe, its non locality can be viewed as executing a function in a far away place and obtaining the result that is conditioned by the place where that func was created - a familiar js closure. Maybe, thats another way to formulate quantum mechanics. Hmmmm?
 
* I think quantum mechanics can be formulated in terms of functional programming. There are strong analogies that are very suggestive, like nonlacality of quantum particles is similar to funcs being invoked in a remote locale with results conditioned by the place of its definition thru closure. All the connectedness of the universe is thru functions floating around and operating  on local vars as params, unloading the influence of a place far away, instantly, defying speed of light but not really. Come to think of it, qm math is exactly that. They talk about these operations that manipulate quantum states, functions. The nonlocality just pops right out of that. IM DOING QUANTUM PROGRAMMING. thats why it feels magical.

* functinal programming is the language of recursion, the best way to create recursive processes w/o getting confused and weird for days
